README.md, before:

jpeg2ps
=======
jpeg2ps converts JPEG files to PostScript Level 2 or 3 EPS. In fact, jpeg2ps
is not really a converter but a "wrapper": it reads the image parameters
(width, height, number of color components) in a JPEG file, writes the
corresponding EPS header and then copies the compressed JPEG data to the output
file. Decompression is done by the PostScript interpreter (only PostScript
Level 2 and 3 interpreters support JPEG compression and decompression).
If you have a slow communication channel and a fast printer, sending
compressed image data is a big win.

Usage Details
=============
jpeg2ps [options] file.jpg > file.eps

| option    | description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `-a`      | auto rotate feature |
| `-b`      | binary mode |
| `-h`      | hex mode (ASCIIHex encoding) |
| `-m size` | margin in points (default 20) |
| `-o name` | output file name (as an alternative to output redirection) |
| `-p size` | page size name. Known names are: a0, a1, a2, a3, a4, a5, a6, b5, letter, legal, ledger, p11x17, eps |
| `-q`      | quiet mode: suppress all informational messages |
| `-r dpi`  | resolution value (0 = read from file if possible) |
| `-v`      | show version |

Mirror of a library once available at [this link](http://www.pdflib.com/fileadmin/pdflib/products/more/jpeg2ps/jpeg2ps-1.9.tar.gz) but it seems to have been removed.

Commit message:

README.md: explain history and origin a bit

README.md, after:

jpeg2ps
=======
jpeg2ps converts JPEG files to PostScript Level 2 or 3 EPS. In fact, jpeg2ps
is not really a converter but a "wrapper": it reads the image parameters
(width, height, number of color components) in a JPEG file, writes the
corresponding EPS header and then copies the compressed JPEG data to the output
file. Decompression is done by the PostScript interpreter (only PostScript
Level 2 and 3 interpreters support JPEG compression and decompression).
If you have a slow communication channel and a fast printer, sending
compressed image data is a big win.

Usage Details
=============
jpeg2ps [options] file.jpg > file.eps

| option    | description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `-a`      | auto rotate feature |
| `-b`      | binary mode |
| `-h`      | hex mode (ASCIIHex encoding) |
| `-m size` | margin in points (default 20) |
| `-o name` | output file name (as an alternative to output redirection) |
| `-p size` | page size name. Known names are: a0, a1, a2, a3, a4, a5, a6, b5, letter, legal, ledger, p11x17, eps |
| `-q`      | quiet mode: suppress all informational messages |
| `-r dpi`  | resolution value (0 = read from file if possible) |
| `-v`      | show version |

History
=======
Based on a library once available at [this link](http://www.pdflib.com/fileadmin/pdflib/products/more/jpeg2ps/jpeg2ps-1.9.tar.gz) but it seems to have been removed.
That original tarball
```
e09919ff55bb1fd26299adfe92e5ea0e7daaa3bfa0277a0483cac9764eac25a2  jpeg2ps-1.9.tar.gz
```
was produced by Thomas Merz <tm@pdflib.com> on Feb 4, 2002.  That's an era
predating modern understanding of and ubiquity of Free Software licenses.
Because it includes the note "This software may not be sold or bundled with
any commercial package without express written permission of the author,"
jpeg2ps can never show up in mainstream distros like Debian.

You can confirm that the contents of this repo as of tag 1.9 match the
contents of that tarball, not counting the new .git and README.md.
